---
layout: post
title:  "Trust me, honey, you're worth it."
author: masoomi
categories: [ positivity ]
image: assets/images/bodiposi.png
tags: [featured]
---

I am perplexed.

By people who say, "I don't look good" or "I am too fat to be wearing that dress" or "Too skinny to date" or "My acne scars make me look pathetic". 

You've been told what looking "good" means right since you came fresh out of the womb. You try everything to hide from people because you fear judgement. You fear: "Oh my God, my body doesn't make me socially acceptable. And maybe I should just admit that. I am not pretty/handsome enough" (cries while looking at Kylie Jenner). Drowning in the ocean of self-doubt, you look for people who'll save you by giving their hand of validation: "You are perf -- but that shirt is yikes!". (Drowns completely) 

STOP! CALM DOWN.

Sit down and breathe...
Because honey I have some news for you:
(Drum rolling)

YOU ARE WORTH IT!
 (Tag line's stolen from L'ORÉAL because why not?)

But yes, you read it right, you are worth it.  
It's upsetting to see someone as fabulous, as smart and drop-dead gorgeous as you think this way because, damn, you fine as heck. 

Why would you let other people swoop their way in to tell you what you should do or what you look like? Don't let them naysayers cut your confidence to half its size and get you down. And you know who is the one who tops that chart? (Guess guess) Let me give you a hint, the person reading this. YOU. Stop hurting yourself mentally thinking that you are not enough. Stop believing that your body or your face doesn't fit the beauty standards that have been imposed on you by society. 

You are not what you think about yourself. Or maybe you are if you think that you look like Chris Evans today because then you ain't wrong, buddy. 

Stop with the self-loathing. Learn to love yourself in that body because that's your real home. It houses the lovely heart that you bear. Your scars and marks don't define you and having them is not a crime. Your bucked teeth radiate a beautiful smile. Your height isn't worth the scales and measurements.  
You are not an OTP that needs validation. 

Here is something I read as a child and want to share with you:
"You can have a wonky nose and a crooked mouth and a double chin and stick-out teeth, but if you have good thoughts it will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely."
~Roald Dahl, The Twits

You are enough. You matter. Your existence is important, at least to me.

And trust me, honey, you're worth it.